[u"
Yeah
Ohhhh, it's Mr. Steal Yo Girl
Ohhhh, it's Mr. Steal Yo Girl
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
(Aye girl, aye girl, aye girl, aye girl...)
Leggo

Bottoms up, bottoms up
Hey, what's in your cup?
Got a couple bottles, but a couple ain't enough
Bottoms up, bottoms up
Throw your hands up
Tell security we 'bout to tear this club up
Bottoms up, bottoms up
Pocket full of green
Girl, you know I love the way you shake it in them jeans
Bottoms up, bottoms up
Throw your hands up
Bottoms up, bottoms up
Bottoms up, bottoms up

Two Ferraris parked outside
I call them Solange and Beyonce
Yellow bitches, Kelly Rowlands
Stole that line from Kanye
Stupid icy, stupid icy
Sharper than a pocket knife
...

", u'Yea, Uh huh, you know what it is
Black and yellow
Black and yellow 
Black and yellow 
Black and yellow 
Yea, Uh huh, you know what it is
Black and yellow
Black and yellow 
Black and yellow 
Black and yellow 

Yeah, uh huh, you know what it is
Everything I do, I do it big
Yeah, uh huh, screaming that\u2019s nothing
What I pulled off the lot, that\u2019s stunting
Repping my town when you see me you know everything
Black and yellow
Black and yellow 
Black and yellow 
Black and yellow 
I put it down from the whip to my diamonds, I\u2019m in
Black and yellow
Black and yellow 
Black and yellow 
Black and yellow

Big Snoop Dogg and Wiz Khalifa
see on the West Coast I\u2019m the big Chief-a
The grim reaper, maybe that bring me that, yellow lack
stealer logo in the back
we banging out, that taylor gang
dub to your face baby till ya say my name
dont get your clique served
so much Black and Yellow you would think I\u2019m from Pittsburgh
Intern, get yearn

Yeah, uh huh, you know what it is
Everything I do, I do it big
Yeah, uh huh, screaming that\u2019s nothing
What I pulled off the lot, that\u2019s stunting
Repping my town when you see me you know everything
Black and yellow
Black and yellow 
Black and yellow 
Black and yellow 
I put it down from the whip to my diamonds, I\u2019m in
Black and yellow
Black and yellow 
...

', u"hey girl whats your name
im very very glad you came
your such a beautiful thing
hey girl what you say
im very very glad you took the time
your such a beautiful thing

hey girl wanna let you know
whats going through my head while im staring out this window
but everytime i try to find the words to explain, i fail
hey girl heard your story before
your parents don't get it and your boyfriend is an A-Hole
and going to work in the morning drives you insane, I know
so you like to kick it with the bad boys
hoes like your flipping for the Tabloids
fros out making niggas fast foward
i'll just be an other cool kid that past on

...

", u"Shit

It's Wiz Khalifa man
This shit hot, right?

Now don't blink cause the flow is closer, don't think
True diplomat, no Jim Jones and no Pink
And the city wanna know what, except that I claim
Blackout be the gang, it's attached to my veins
And I don't got a problem giving naps to Elaine
Order every syllable, every rap to my name, ye
The grim reaper came back with a cane
That's me, spittin crack to your brain
Niggers, they can't stand me, ladies, they demand me
Damn your man's handy
And I'm the mayor when I blam with them hands
Have you seeing stars like you walk with them Grammies
Your reign was short, I'm running it now
Knock your teeth out for biting, now you be gunning my style
I keep it, honey I'm selling them, I'm the blackout
Put my sneakers to your face, you'll be running your mouth

It's too late nigga
It's too late nigga
Man, it's too late
...

", u'I had a dream that the whole World was staring at me
I woke up and wasn\u2019t no one there, yeah eh eaah
same song to a different beat
cause sometimes I feels like I\u2019m the only one there
I guess nobody cares, hey
but everythings good until it goes bad
and your gonna tell all the people about the fun you used to have
it hurts when it don\u2019t last
no easy way saying bye
so I\u2019mma spread my wings and head for the sky
and I fly solo
I fly solo
and I fly solo
and I fly solo
and I\u2026

I\u2019m tired of being tired
and dealing with your BS,
all the while supplying
the money for your request
without me you\u2019re a dime
but with me you\u2019re a buck fifty, haha
I can get another one quickly
but I\u2019d rather wade it out
take the broken pieces try and fix it
...

', u"[Performed by Wale featuring Wiz Khalifa & Tre of UCB]
George: *coughs* I got the will power
Elaine: Oh, I don't like this one bit!
George: *coughs* I can't stop now! I'm addicted!
Cool as a summer breeze
Pimping is nothing to me
Roll up the purple and breathe
Sit back and roll up the weed
Them niggas be talking but them niggas is nothing to me
Who here is fucking with me?
It's not a discussion I be
In my own class bitch I them cold raps
I fuck the world and fuck yo girl and give em both an orgasm
Leave yo show canceled
Leave em with no answer
The master of my domain
Yes I am no Costanza
First I had potential
Now I got them answers
I'm smoking on that voodoo
And that's word to Papa Shango
Cooler than a fan circulatin
When they dancing in my face if I get one chance, I'ma take it
So, Lord forgive me for my indirect sinning
Am I cheating on these women if I'm getting naked pictures from another, a lover
I want her but lemme be 100
See, monogamy's redundant
Sometimes you find the one
Sometimes you give it up
Sometimes you buy the ring with no problems
You in love
Sometimes it aint whassup
Sometimes it you play the fool
But right now I'm doing me and it's fine
Nigga its cool
[Chorus:]
I hear em talking
All saying they doing they thing but they not like me
I'm getting all this loving all this money
That's how it is and how its gone be
When you balling, when you ballin
Watch the niggas on the sideline hatin
...

", u"Fuckin' hoes everywhere we go
Taylor Gang, paper planes
Uh, they lovin' what I say
Tell her keep count
What you other niggaz speak bout

Lamborghini dreams, beach house wishes
Poor bottles of champagne for my beach house bitches
It ain't new to me, the money boy I been bout
Throwin 100's on the floor, I tell her keep count
Nigga, they in love wit what I say
Cuz I, really live the life you other niggaz speak bout
Got my camera man, he down to do a movie for me
Couple niggaz round us, down to do the shootin' for me
I'm still ridin' wit my main bitch
She rollin' the joint, somethin' old school playin'
She love me, we fuck and we in the fly-free zone
When some niggaz will captain-save-it
I let her shop till she drop dead
Sleepin' in her crib, wake up to decent pot plan
Jordan shorts and a pear of polo socks, blazin'
Wit yo bitch, you wanna live smoke this

I'm glad to be here, I been waitin' so long (so long, so long)
I finally found me a cloud to float on (float on)
And I'ma float on (float on)
Float on (float on)
And I'ma float on (float on)
Float on, float on, float on
And I don't have much, but I'll take all I got and that's what I give (what I give)
...

", u"Run it...*
I don't know what's going on
About this feeling
You got me feeling
Cause every time I try to leave I'm right back again
And I ain't going nowhere
You got me walking on the ceiling
So when the times get hard
And the nights you're all alone
Oh...
I'll be the one you ca... a... all on
No telling where we might... go
Hold On...
And every time you look up
Baby I'm right there
Flying in the air
So let all of your fears go... o... o
You'll never spend a night... low
Keep both of those...
You go
Up... Up... Up... Up... Up... Up... Up... Up
We go
Up... Up... Up... Up... Up... Up... Up... Up
...

", u"Yeah, you ever just know
that you was finna splack another nigga's bitch up
like, you see a bitch she be with a nigga
and you be knowing she be thinking to herself like I wish I was with that nigga

Yea

chorus:
If you at home lettin' her go out alone (alone)
then I'ma take yo bitch (bitch)
and if she keep jockin' me stalkin' me e'rytime she hear my song (hear my song)
then I'ma take yo bitch (bitch)
she said she getting tired of fightin' and runnin' round with the same nigga (same nigga)
and plus she know I ain't no lame nigga (lame nigga)
and I ain't pressin' her just to see if my number's in her phone (in her phone)
then I'ma take yo bitch

yo bitch like me and I don't know her
all up on me at the show I'm tryin' to control her
you hatin' from afar she tryin' to get closer
like sittin' at the bar and tryin' to be sober
no sir, so you come and kick it with my clique
ya nigga somewhere heated screamin' that's my bitch
I'm tatted up rich, them bitches understand
when you makin' money talk, everyone know you the man
with my Hollywood hoes, or somewhere by the sand
fuck your shit up with your nigga tryin' to fit me in your plans
tell em' you're a fan, now you're at my crib
used to like my music now he's saying fuck young wiz
and that's how I live and I won't change for the world
make ya man feel like u 'gon need a chain for ya girl
says she been searchin' round for some change in her world
...

", u"Searching for the thrill of it, thrill of it,
Say that it's love, but to me it's looking counterfeit,
I get done with one and move on to another bitch
Yea college educated, she graduated
Any bill she can't front, her parents paid it
The show was far, you the only one with a car
And your girlfriends, but being thats shes a big fan, of course she made it
Most girls wanna hide the fact that the thrill they chase it
But you just wanna get drunk tonight and fuck someone famous
So I just name a time and a place and your game for it
Value player, hotel room, meet you there

(Walking on a dream
How can I explain
Talking to myself)
Just travelin' the world
(Will I see again)
Tryin' different drugs and girls

(We are always running for the thrill of it, thrill of it
Always pushing up the hill searching for the thrill of it
On and on and on we are calling out and out again
Never looking down, I'm just in awe of what's in front of me)

And I'm addicted to champagne
Fuck the room we buy the hallway
...

", u"All I ever wanted was lights, camera, action
People staring at night cameras flashin
Living the movie now be prepared to see the last scene
All I want is the pretty woman for the casting
Wanna confront him, put your money where your mask is
You a chump talk guns but you scared to blast his
Buy them bottles by the case, we don't gota chase
For the love of money we in a million dollar race
Windows done tinted niggas hate em but I fish bowl
So I can letchyo hoe see me while I'm in it
See I ain't got a deal
But everybody know that I ain't kinda real
I'm hundred dollar bill authentic yeahhh
Hotel room, marijuanas in it chevy watchin the game
Yo bitch she rollin me planes
Passport payin my dividence for the fame
Mind in the gutter you niggas ain't in my lane
...

", u"I met you through your best friend
I was on the roll and you said
i sing all your favorite songs
my room was in the west inn
drive was even close
be there soon as i drop the t-shirt off
i'll be waiting
this one night special for you
...

", u"If I were a lame
Only just for a week
I'd look myself in the mirror
And shoot the first thing I seen
No honestly I'd try to find someone else
And I'd make it seem like it's his fault
That I'm broke and can't get on
And he's doin shit I can't do for myself.

[Chorus:]
If I were a lame
I'd probably understand
How it feels to hate myself so much
I gotta hate anotha man
Shit I'd say that I'd
Should be right in his place
And talk shit behind his back
When I'm smilin while I'm in his face
Cause I'm just a lame.

...

", u"Yeeahh
Hahahah Its Young Khalifa man
Taylor Gang
Yehh... Proud to say every body smokin joints right now
It's a Blunt free environment
I'm in Canada too, fuckin great everything's great


Uhh, Wiz ell man the fans, the critics know me

Feet sunk in the sand blowing an O Z

Yeaahh leave your bitch with a real nigga

Round her, I met her its going down like a slow leak
...

", u'Yea, 
I live life like the weekend (weekend)
...

', u'
Im Young Khalifa
Im Young Im Young Khlaifa
Im Young Im Young Khlaifa
Im Young Im Young Khlaifa
Im Young Im Young Khlaifa
Im Young Im Young Khlaifa
Im Young Im Young Khlaifa
Im Young Im Young Khlaifa
Im Young Im Young Khlaifa

All about my money, if you not I see you later. 
I take out the first two letter and say haha to you haters. 
I got rooms with elevators yea they say Im futuristic, 
got a iphone for business but the sidekick for the bitches

Im Young Khalifa
Im Young Im Young Khlaifa
Im Young Im Young Khlaifa
Im Young Im Young Khlaifa
Im Young Im Young Khlaifa
Im Young Im Young Khlaifa
Im Young Im Young Khlaifa
Im Young Im Young Khlaifa
Im Young Im Young Khlaifa

...

', u'I cop me one, cop me one for my old girl
You think she my newest bitch, she my old girl
Khalifa, a younger n-gga who handle his
Hoes get in my car, ask what the channel is
Boss shit, look that up n-gga, I handle biz
On fire, like a candle is
N-ggas be dressing off the manikin
Hmmm, and I get fresh like where them camera\u2019s is
Better yet sandwiches, bad bitch Spanish friends
Coulda been the President, rather be the man instead

Now when I get paid, my checks be lookin\u2019 like phone numbers
Now when I get paid, my checks be lookin\u2019 like phone numbers
(You can talk shit bitch, I\u2019m worth a million)
I\u2019m talkin\u2019 millions, n-gga I\u2019m talkin\u2019 millions
(You can talk shit bitch, I\u2019m worth a million)
I\u2019m talkin\u2019 millions, n-gga I\u2019m talkin\u2019 millions

Time is money so I went and bought a Rolex (bought a Rolex)
Time is money so I went and bought a Rolex (bought a Rolex)
I\u2019m talkin\u2019 millions, n-gga I\u2019m talkin\u2019 millions
(You can talk shit bitch, I\u2019m worth a million)
I\u2019m talkin\u2019 millions, n-gga I\u2019m talkin\u2019 millions
(You can talk shit bitch, I\u2019m worth a million, whaaaaaat)

I\u2019m in the hood on this something corner surfing
Float, no water, my trunk is waving, I\u2019m polar surfing
Blowing faces, I\u2019m shittin\u2019 on them diamond infested
...

', u"Yeah
Yeaah
thahaha
you niggas know its the gang or kill yourself right?
yeaah
yup
Red hat black chucks black 501's on
That's your baby momma but her numbers in my iphone
Yea I got a girl but I swear I need a newer bitch
Let her out the house and I'll be leaving here with your bitch
I'm flyin in a different city every night
Got everything I ever wanted so this can't be life
Breaking down the weed I'm bout to make a plane
A hundred niggas with me all reppin taylor gang

Yeaaahahhhh bitch
Okaaayyyy
yeaah
yup
...

", u'Money, money, money
It\u2019s young Khalifa man
And I got money, hoes, money and hoes
I got money, hoes, money and hoes

Big money talking to you
Muthaf-cker thats cause big money bought it to you
I\u2019ll be stuntin while them little n-ggas sayin\u2019 nothing

High ceilings, high hoes, high prices for my clothes and I don\u2019t even pay for it
Barely no major shit
Need a bitch, take a bitch, straight back to that big crib
Let you roll some rapper weed, put you on some new shit
Hit this weed, I show you how I do this
My excuse is I\u2019m in Cali so my smoke\u2019s highly exclusive
And my bitch bad, my money\u2019s through the roof
Your money short you looking mad
You Danny Bonaduce bitch
I\u2019m jumpin\u2019 in my coupe
...

', u'Foreign cars, thats errday
A million off a tour, thats errday
Hundred broads, that errday
Gettin\u2019 this money livin\u2019 large in every way
(Smokin\u2019 dope) thats errday
(Run through yo doors) thats errday
(Pullin\u2019 hoes) thats errday
(Get money mo\u2019) thats errday
(Smokin dope) thats errday
(Run through yo doors) thats errday
(Pullin\u2019 hoes) thats errday
(Get money mo\u2019) thats errday

Rappin\u2019 ass n-gga
There go Wiz he a rappin\u2019 ass n-gga
I\u2019m in a Benz gettin\u2019 brain from a centerpiece
Before you can mention my name I need 10 at least
I know they hate \u2019cause of the paper that a n-gga see
Light a J and say a prayer for my enemies
Yeaa, made men, bunch of made ass n-ggas
When you paid then you with some paid ass n-ggas
I heard that money grow on trees so I grew one
Left my old b-tch at home, got a new one
Said that I quit drinking but I\u2019m back at it
...

', u"Taylor Gang, Taylor Gang, Taylor Gang, Taylor Gang*
Taylor Gang, Taylor Gang, Taylor Gang, Taylor Gang,
Taylor Gang, Taylor Gang, Taylor Gang, Taylor Gang,
Taylor Gang, Taylor Gang, Taylor Gang, Taylor Gang,
You know I'm reppin' Taylor
On my way from Cali, so you know I'm smokin flavour
Ain't fuckin with blunts, you know we only smokin' paper
And I throw it up so that you know just what my name is
Motherfuck a hater

Left the crib with 10 grand bought a hundred pair
I'm the coach I can show you how to be a player
5 faces, the fitted bitches love my hair
Camo shorts go with anything I wanna wear
The let me in the club, fuck a dress code
Me and all my niggas rollin up the best smoke
OG kush from the westcoast
Oh you down to fuck? Well shorty let's go
Diamonds in my chain niggas tryna steal my lane
Tryna get my brain bitch, I'm reppin' taylor gang
Smoke till I'm insane, drinkin' til I'm throwin' up
Only papers if you Taylor'd nigga throw it up
High socks, low cuts
Smell that good weed than you know it's us
That yellow car pulling up, them niggas ain't hot so they close to us
Down to fly ya two fingers and hold em up

Taylor Gang, Taylor Gang, Taylor Gang, Taylor Gang,
Taylor Gang, Taylor Gang, Taylor Gang, Taylor Gang,
Taylor Gang, Taylor Gang, Taylor Gang, Taylor Gang,
Taylor Gang, Taylor Gang, Taylor Gang, Taylor Gang,
You know I'm reppin' Taylor
On my way from Cali, so you know I'm smokin flavour
...

", u"If I said it, I meant it nigga...
We all in... everything's taylored
And fuck it, we ain't gotta go to the store no more
I got my own papers baby girl, I'm finna get my own weed too
Get you a pound and let you roll that shit

Uh, I'm rollin up the windows while I'm smoking weed
Driving through my town like I don't know the speed
Countin so much paper I can't fold it up
Bad bitch, she sucks me while I'm rollin up
Yeah bitch, you probably see me everywhere
Money long, now my house got tv's everywhere
Literally everywhere you turn you see a flat-screen
New bitch...looked nothing like my last fling
...

", u'Theres nothing like my insulated walls around you
It\u2019s so wrong?
Don\u2019t you want to celebrate it
You can find me, somewhere in the middle of you
Somewhere in the middle of you
When I\u2019m looking for the truth
I find it in the middle of you

You know I keep that weed lit
Met her once, you let me hit
You asking for the remix, calling me cause this aint what you want
She say, she need this, G-shit
Rolling Papers, told the neighbours
I be tryna keep you quiet, once we grown we sure to wake \u2018em
Roll this weed, before you leave, be sure to bake one
Got a man, but when he gone the boy replace him
Smokin\u2019 OG kush, thats Californication
On the phone you fusssin\u2019, while we fornicating

...

', u'If I brought it out the crib that mean I\'m spending errything
What we doing (Getting money)
How we do it (Errday)
Order case tell bar tender we need 30 more
Nigguh if ye aint spending money What The Fuck you in here for
In here for, What The Fuck you in here for
Nigguh if ye aint spending money What The Fuck you in here for
In here for, What The Fuck you in here for
Bitch if ye aint tryna fuck then What The fuck you in here for
In here for, What The Fuck you in here for

You know me no I don\'t my nig a be about it
Can\'t even count it, Need an accountant
I\'m rich so now my bitch is bad I need a stallion
Aint trickin I just treat her like she need allowance
Smoke the whole pound "Man we gone need an Island"
Keep my toys in the garage so bitches think I\'m childish
Oh I got money you could keep your talent
Ye aint even getting money you just be around it
Engine screaming when I run it,
...

', u'I bought a whole o to smoke
i\u2019m riding high
my n-ggas with me, they down to ride
i got my change up, they looking like they surprised
got n-ggas hatin\u2019 on me hard cause my paper right
money from the flo\u2019 way up to the sky
now they wanna know and they wonder why
i got my wings when i was young so i tend to fly
i put my chain on, they saying it\u2019s homocide
and i\u2019m killin\u2019 \u2018em, it\u2019s homocide
i\u2019m killin\u2019 \u2018em, it\u2019s homocide

I got my change up, they looking like they surprised
n-ggas hatin\u2019 on me hard cause my paper right
but i\u2019m killin\u2019 \u2018em, it\u2019s homocide
i\u2019m killin\u2019 \u2018em, it\u2019s homocide
i got my wings when i was young so i tend to fly
i put my chain on, they saying it\u2019s homocide
i\u2019m killin\u2019 \u2018em
...

', u"'Bout Y'all

Hahaha Yeah Drop the top nigga fuck it roll the windows down.
Chorus:
All these women all these cars countin' my cash life with the stars
Why is life this good
Go head go grind go get it pick the manic out with it
I really don't know 'bout y'all
You know I'm fucking high you should get with it
Life in the fast lane push it to the limit
Why is life this good?
Go head go grind go get it pick the manic out with it
I really don't know 'bout y'all
Verse 1:
They say that I don't know about being broke no,
In cities you ain't been in places you wont go
You movin' in slo mo I'm living the fast life
Addicted since I fell for getting this cash like,
You don't need to ask twice
You heard of the young guy
Started off small time now I'm alumni
Because I'm young fly (young fly)
Dumb high (Dumb high)
In the flow like mighty easy to come by
I'm over to Cali watching the sunrise
A meeting in New York I'll be there by lunchtime
Then fly to Miami for the end of the night dun,
If I ain't a star well then I'm living just like one,
I'm feeling just like um my life may be too good
So I keep it too real god made me too hood,
You thinking I fell bro (fell bro)
Hell no (hell no)
I stick to my grind like velcro I'm getting
Chorus:
...

", u'Yeahhh!
That\u2019s exactly what I tell these hoes,
Proof type a brotha,
Fly head to toe. (WOO!)
I gotta lot of swag,
Need a professional.
And get this doggy bag,
Just I\u2019m head to go.

Yeah I rappin,
All the hoes wanna sing to me.
Do a couple things to me.
Make her bring the team to me. (Team to me.)
I don\u2019t wanna fuck. (Nope!)
It might seem rude. (It might.)
A little attitude,
Probably gotta mean chew (Wow!)
You a bad bitch,
With a couple bad friends.
I could let you rock the mic,
She could do the ad libs. (Do the ad libs)
They say I\u2019m aggin,
Nah home, I\u2019m gettin paid. (Get money!)
Shine while I\u2019m young,
Balls in the shade. (Shade.)
So ya best, best hop your ass in the ling. (Ling.)
Fix your doobie up, (Up!)
And start to chew me up. (Up!)
You wanna screw me, what? (What?)
Fuck your old man. (Man.)
Gettin top notch, with no hangers. (Nah!)

Two!
Shawty, whatchu doin tonight?
...

', u"[Curren$y Spitta]
Bout the strength of the quality
We smell
You can tell that I'm somewhere in the building
On my batman shit
Niggas suspended from the ceiling
Not really
But that's the way the weed got me feeling
?
Mami you got the vision
And I see it HD
And it couldn't be any clearer
You should be with Spitta
And you know that this your chance
Don't blow it like birthday candles
Good guy Spitta keep his name outta them scandals
It's not a secret
I prefer my girls in sneakers
Never sandals
Posing naked in only a pair of nike\xa0?
It's bottle pop
Back to back
Extra large
Cellphone, camera's out
Mama I remember that
Anytime I look at that
I go to wondering where you at
So baby where you at
...

", u"Tell 'em, go home 'cause I'ma go hard
I'ma go hard or I'ma go home
I haven't been there you know in so long
So goodbye

Tell 'em, go home 'cause I'ma go hard
I'ma go hard or I'ma go home
I haven't been there you know in so long
So goodbye

I worked for everything I own
Dare a nigga try and take it
Take 300 on the frames
Just from blocking out you haters

Swear they're in my way
They in my rear view mirror
If a nigga act stupid
I'ma let him get his issue

Everything designer
And my back seat's reclining
Got a thing for looking good
And blowing money like it's tissue

But niggaz see you eating
Get to starving for a plate
Well, you don't give it when they hate
That's why my niggas keep a biscuit

It's no gimmick
I talk it how I live it
So when a nigga cross the finish
Gotta push it to the limit

Got a mom and little sister
...

", u"CHORUS:
Yeah it's goin' down, Yeah it's goin' down
Watch her hit tha flo', Watch her hit tha flo' (X4).

Wiz Khalifa:
Yeaaaaaaaa Bitch. You know what it is. It's Wizzle man.
Taylor Gang or die. Heavy Hustle in this bitch. Yea. (hahaha) Yup. Yea.

VERSE 1:
The way lil' shorty go I'm tryna think where I should take her
Watch her hit tha flo, I'm out here spending all this paper
Bought some cigarillos yeah I blow it by the acre
If you lookin' this good well shit I wanna meet your maker
Take her, to my home, Say hello to my neighbors
She my biggest fan, I see her man just tryna save her
Put it in her mouth, and now my taste she's tryna savor
...

", u"[Intro:]
Oh... Oh... Oh...
Oh... Oh... Oh...
Yeah... Yeah... It's Young Kha... (Khalifa!)
Man... Man... Man... It's Young Khalifa Man!
Man... Man... Man... TAYLOR GANG OR DIE!

[Hook:]
I see you staring, I'm at the bar
You tired of them lames you wanna be with a star
I gotta place that you wanna go,
Don't reach out for them other guys, with me you'll lose control

Control... control... control, you'll lose control
Control... control... you'll lose control
Lose control... you'll lose control... you'll lose control
Control... control... you'll lose control

[Verse:]
She don't know me, but I know her
I met plenty of her type before
Love a nigga with a fancy car
Live your life like a movie star
...

", u"I got what you need the feddy and the cheese
The moola and the guap
got moola and the guap
I got what you need the feddy and the cheese
The moola and the guap
got moola and the guap

I got what need boy ya want it
that nigga price high, mine cheap so they love it
do it big shake them off and these haters wish I wasn't
all about my chavo my guap keep keep it commin
who you foolin boy I does it your girl said she loves it
pocket full of guap and that moola keep it commin
heavy hustle, rostrum records on it big man its nothin
cigarillo full o dat rain man I call her fresh puffin
its its its smellin super bad, call me MC puffin
spit that thing in oven turn it up and make muffins
money commin up that moola and the green
money commin in I chop it up between my team
I'm a star in the air, doin big things
why you think your lady stare I'm stuntin like a stunna do
fresh when i want to, do my shit in front of you
money everywhere look dumbie right in front of you

I got what you need the feddy and the cheese
The moola and the guap
got moola and the guap
I got what you need the feddy and the cheese
The moola and the guap
got moola and the guap

I got what you need the feddy and the cheese
The moola and the guap
got moola and the guap
I got what you need the feddy and the cheese
The moola and the guap
got moola and the guap
...

", u"Hello, yeah I'm the studio right now
Oh, you trying to come through?
(yeah, I wanna give you some studio loving)
Alright well umm... I'm a finish up this last lil joint
And I'm a umm... i'm a give you a call. I'm a text you or sum
Yeah, nah don't bother putting that on
Girl Let Me Take You To My Studio
Give You Everything You Want And Need
Lay You Flat Like A Piano
If You Let Me Stroke Your Keys
You Going Be Saying Things You Never Said
Matter Fact You Going Be Playing Melodies You Never Read
We Ain't' In No Bed
We In The Lab
And Im Reclining In My Seat
You Can Just Climb On Top Of Me And Ride Me Like This Beat
You Say You Need This (Loving)
Well I'mma Grab Your Wasteline
And If You Like It Deep
I Could Hit You With That Baseline
I Ain't' Tryin To Waste Time
For Me And Your Sake
Plus Im Payin For This Session
I Need More Than One Take
I Make The Boards Shake Like How Im Suppose To
I'll Have You Sounding Good
Lil Ma, I Got Them Pro Tunes
I Got You Doing This And Tryin That
...

", u"[Chorus]:
I heard that love, was blind
But girl I've seen it (girl I've seen it)
And I need it (yes I need it)
I want to make, you mine
And girl you know it, 'cause I showed it
Please don't blow it
What you need is right here (ahhh oh)
What you need is right here (ahhh)
Everything you need is right here (Right here, here, here)(oooh)
What you need is right here (ahhh)
Everything you need is right here (here, here, here)

(I got it right here for you girl)

[Verse 1]:
And no I'm not there
It's true them other dudes don't compare
See I got girls a few I don't care
When I see you, I stop and I stare
I'm not some player
Or just some guy
You like my swagger
Think that I'm fly
You caught my eye
Across this club
I'm way pass drunk
I think I'm in love
And you my drug
I need you most
I take you until I overdose
Come here get close
And hit this smoke
If you want 'scape
Then we can get ghost
If you want go
Back to my crib
Get interested
Won' see how I live
Some peace and quiet
...

", u"Yea
Gettin more scrill, deal or no deal uh
Yea, chubby bags
Heavy hustle, course the gang, uh

On, and on, and on, and on and
We just drink and smoke until the morning
You're homegirl's texting you, ignoring them
Hit the weed, giggle a little, then you get horny
I hit the weed, get on my mission, and then I'm goin' in
Knowin damn well they got boyfriends
Till they get the front door, asked her which floor I'm on
I'm at the top, polo socks and pajamas on
She smoke chronic, know the lyrics to all my songs
It's like I died and went to heaven, me and all my dogs
That's why we sip champaign till the bottles gone
Roll weed on ya take the bitches, I don't follow ya'll

I can never make up this if I wanted to
It's real talk what I'm saying to you
I don't wanna wake up, knowing just one thought of you
Got me fallen I can't get up (get up)
So will you co-star with me?
Cuz my life is like a movie

Champaign parties in my hotel
Her friends don't even smoke, but they diggin' the smell
Ex-boyfriend ringin' ya cell
But every effort to save you's to no avail
...

", u"With the hunger of a Chris Wallace back in '94
I like to welcome y'all to rock with PG's young ball
From the bottom of the pot, yea i'm the Pitts of the Burgh
With the kids on the curb, and small time, is pitching the herb
I'm back, and those who didn't previously know what i'm crack
To the people, i'm legalized the lethal
...

", u"Ladies and gentleman
My name's Wiz Khalifa
And I'm so damn gooooood... 
[Funny Laugh]

[Verse 1:]
I earn niggas respect before the cash came
You try me get a ticket I'm in the fast lane
I keep the bigger picture in the glass frame
Plus my city on my back like it's a motherfuckin last name
Where you goin when the driver know your last name
And first class ain't much different than the last plane
Say we the same but I'm nothin like you guys
I'm a freakin fly taylor gang don't drink n drive
Die... Now everybody's mourning
I think we runnin' outta liqour bring some more in
Used to say I'm fresh but now I'm gettin spoiled
Cause new shit gettin' old these hotels kind of boring
Don't mean to sound unappreciative
But it's obvious the game ain't what you think it is
Yellow diamonds speak spanglish on my neck and wrist
...

", u"Aye now I could say my name but (say my name but)
Your bitch already knows it (knows it)
Got no problem spending paper (paper)
I got it so I blow it (I blow it)

Shawty what's your name put your number in my sidekick, 
Caught the nut in spaceship your fuckin with a pilot, 
Say she wanna ride well I can give her mile-age, 
Plus I live the star life won't u come an try it, 
Say I'm wrong I can do that pussy right, 
And when another time zone I can b there by tonite, 
Beat it I can like cuple bottles of patron, 
Do sum thing tonite no problem cus we grown, 
So I'm a pass go, an if u feel the way I feel then
Let's quit talkin bout it shawty let's go, 
Do u like it fast slow, say she gotta need for speed
If I can drive then I'm a needa a crash course oh, 
...

", u"Wow
(laughs)
It feels like I'm back again for the first time, 
If that makes any sense
Sledgren
The good weed is lit, let's go

I got a couple sweets rolled at home
With another O in a ziploc 
O in a Ziploc
They see the pockets on swoll 
How the lights hit the stones on the wrist watch 
Stones on the wrist watch
Don't gotta ask who run it it's easy baby they know my name They know my name
All the cash we blow on some weed smoke they say 
Bro it's a shame (x2)
Boy you know it's a shame

Pop the smoke like pop out
And I'm pimp all the hoes call me papa
Gucci, Chuck Tays, I don't fuck with no prada
Fresh off the plane and I'm smoking like High time
It's better to be a star
NY I'm coping them weed jars
LA my hoes got medical weed cards
And my swag through the roof
I hit the mall a boutique and tear down
See what I got on you want to wear it now
Think I'm a drink on her when she get 
...

", u"This your boy Wiz Khalifa man
And I'm a talk my shit, yeah, bitch
I hope ya'll niggas is used to hearing my voice by now,
And if not, get used to it

I woke up from a California dream again,
Next to someone's daughter who I'll probably never meet again
You call her a groupie hoe?
Ask me I say she a fan
Spending all her hours thinking bout what she gonna do and when
I be on that 747 flying frequent shit
You get all the press and try to check for when I'm due to land
And get home in the daytime, way about the PM
...

", u"Yup... it's all raw
Motion right here no paper no none of that

I must b dreaming, yea I must b dreaming, 
Yea cus
I got the cars got the clothes got the money n the
Hoes and the way I see that ain't gon change, 
I must b dreaming, yea I must b dreaming, 
Yea cus
I got the cars got the clothes got the money n the
Hoes and the way I see that ain't gon change, 
I must b

I wake up early in the morning to a fat blunt, 
A phone full of miss calls my shit back'd up, 
A flight to catch my shit pack'd up, 
Them superstars u hear about that's us, 
The 12s n the trunk hit like a mac truck, 
I see your bitch it's a wrap like a packd lunch, 
My diamonds shining, they motivating, I see u smiling, I know u hatin, 
...

", u"[talking:]
Yea buddy
I gotta cold n all that shit
Show ya'll how hard I work
I really go n man
It's from the heart n soul
Still havin fun tho too man
It's gon b a real big year
U watch I'm tellin u

[Chorus:]
They say the game dun change, there's jus sum new players n it,
And they don't wanna my team get up there n win it,
Tried to keep me still but look where I'm at now, made it to far to look back down,
And I ain't never ever gon forget what I been told,
And I ain't never ever goin back to being broke,
Cus FYI I stay on my grind, tryna stop my shine that day will be never ever

[Verse 1:]
I started off jus a fan writing like every other kid, grew up to be the man,
Paying bills at my mothers crib, everyday I'm hustlin, tryna get us out this situation,
Gotta deal with phony show goofy hoes n niggas hatin, mostly all embraces,
Small percentage of my city races, instead of doin good they rather c me catchin cases,
The fans love me but I struggle tryna impress the label,
...

", u"[Chorus]
Opportunity in my face so I can't sit back and not take advantage of it
Man I can hardly wait got a date with miss success
And I can't stand her up no they don't understand us
Cuz, they say we too material
(Material) but money make the world go
(Round and round [x3]) yeahh, 
They say we too material
(Material) but money make the world go (round and round [x3]) yeahh

Wait they dying to get the diamonds off my plate, 
The more I give the more they tryin to take, 
Like I be serving you this evening got the nerve to
Wonder how I eat cuz while you sleep-in ima wake, 
Aw man what is yull saying, 
Money long yull's in like an on ramp, 
Young boss man I be with a lot of goons, 
That know how to aim but dat chopper stay on auto-tune, 
I paint a perfect picture for it, 
So you gon need your high definition cord, 
...

", u'Hey, dont trip, bitch
matter fact I got something you can trip on
gonna need your expensive luggage for this one

I might be with my girl
but you can bring your girls too
and we can do all the kinky things you
think you aint supposed to
I\u2019ll take you out this world
and we can\u2019t get commercial
see I\u2019ma need privacy its obvious you aint learn
so, I can teach you to fly
I can teach you to fly
I can teach you to fly
I can teach you to fly
I can teach you to fly
I can teach you to fly
I can teach you to fly
I can teach you to fly

And she dug my chain
Love my swag, how I does my thang
Love my slang, talk just like me
Say she proud to be taylor gang (taylor gang?)
man I\u2019m paid
tell the waitress bring more champagne
I done made what you tryin to get
and my style is sick cause im taylor made

Got no time to waste, see its like we in a race
all the bitches in this club that would die to take your place
girl they call me mr space, and I can let you taste
...

', u'Im G O O D feel me
Fresh fit new chucks
...

', u"[talking:]
Yea buddy
I gotta cold n all that shit
Show ya'll how hard I work
I really go n man
It's from the heart n soul
Still havin fun tho too man
It's gon b a real big year
U watch I'm tellin u

[Chorus:]
They say the game dun change, there's jus sum new players n it,
And they don't wanna my team get up there n win it,
Tried to keep me still but look where I'm at now, made it to far to look back down,
And I ain't never ever gon forget what I been told,
And I ain't never ever goin back to being broke,
Cus FYI I stay on my grind, tryna stop my shine that day will be never ever

[Verse 1:]
I started off jus a fan writing like every other kid, grew up to be the man,
Paying bills at my mothers crib, everyday I'm hustlin, tryna get us out this situation,
Gotta deal with phony show goofy hoes n niggas hatin, mostly all embraces,
Small percentage of my city races, instead of doin good they rather c me catchin cases,
The fans love me but I struggle tryna impress the label,
...

", u"With the hunger of a Chris Wallace back in '94
I like to welcome y'all to rock with PG's young ball
From the bottom of the pot, yea i'm the Pitts of the Burgh
With the kids on the curb, and small time, is pitching the herb
I'm back, and those who didn't previously know what i'm crack
To the people, i'm legalized the lethal
...

", u"[Hook: x4]
Talk to me, I talk back
Let's talk money, I talk that

[Wiz talking: during hook]
Yeah! It's Young
Wiz Khalifa man
4-1-2 Pittsburgh, Pistolvania and all that
Uh-huh. but right now we gon' talk money
So talk to me
Ya kno? Yeahhh!

[Verse 1:]
If she wanna talk to me, I'm a talk back
Said she love my music and she think I'm all that
Told me I be on her mind like a fitted ball cap
Love the way I blow money, and get it all back
Cup full of that Patron, swish it like a ball bat
Skinny lil nigga but my pockets all fat
...

", u"The fans takin pictures of me
Can't keep these bitches off me
Police up and down the street, but I'm still spliffin homie
The fans takin pictures of me
Can't keep these bitches off me
Police up and down the street, but I'm still spliffin homie
Breeze keep a glicker on em, do a nigga wrong boy
Niggas want my head now that my money gettin long boy
More than Just a song boy, thinkin I'm just rappin to you
Niggas keep they ratchet, this is real shit that can happen to you
Come out here and ask em do you, know about the nigga Wiz
Ever heard of rostrum records, know who Kev the hustla is
So bitch act like ya know me
A youngin bro, but my dough stack like I'm grownin
I'm the black steve austin
I pull up and I stunna
...

", u"[Chorus:]
You think you do it big
I guarentee I do it bigger
I'm all about my money
Yea I'm all about my figgas
I'm screamin fuck the law
Till the law come n get us
And a nigga goin hard dog
So ya'll ain't fuckin with em
Know y know y
Cus I'm that nigga
Gon ask about me
I'm that nigga know y know y
Cus I'm that nigga
Gon ask about me
I'm that nigga know y know y
Cus I'm that nigga

[Verse 1:]
And I know u hate it
Never needed a hand out unlike most who made it
And ya'll close to fading
You see how I get my grind on, now my shine on
I don't know what shade is,
...

", u"Up above the clouds, no one pullin' me down.
...

", u"Uh, it's Young Khalifa man. Paper Plane Gang, 501 young.
'Ay shout out to my brother Spitta man. I just wanted to say that. Yeah.
And, your bitch could see this shit from across the street nigga.
It's pimpin' over here. Macaroni. Kush and Orange Juice nigga.
What up Chevy, Germ I see you, Cardo on the beat. Haha.

Uh, I don't love 'em, I don't chase 'em I duck 'em
Smoke somethin', go to a new state soon as I fuck 'em
Niggas be pressed for pussy, it aint nothing
Instead of worrying about who that bitch fuckin', why don't you get you some money
9 times out of 10 she see me stuntin'
Game running, wanna know my hotel and who phone to ring when she coming
I keep it one hundred, get love from the hoes, but it's, money over bitches nothing above it
Like the weed loud like my engine when I speed up
Bitches holding they weave, rolling trees with they pretty feets up
Them suckas often imitate but they can't be us
So super high, look in the sky when you wanna see me bruh
Cut my speakers up, drowning out what the critics say
...

", u"[Chorus]
We're done, but it's not over.
I'm started again, out to the end of the day.
It keeps getting better.
Don't be afraid, we'll do it together.

Started from nothing, ended up with everything.
From the house, to the whips, taking trips to any place that you care to name.
Champagne, skydivin'
EZ wider papers, no blunts, hit it once you mile high
Runnin' now I'm livin' how I'm supposed to.
...

", u"Sh, sh, shut, shut the fuck up!
Hello? Did I get through?
Shut the fuck up guys!
Did I get thr-
OMG I'm on W.E.E.D.!
YEAA BITCH!
EASY RIDER WHATS UP?!
WIZ!
FUCK!
TAYLOR GANG OR DIE!
AHHHHHHHHHH!

Yeaaheaa
...

", u"Yeah that's it. Yeah! Uh. Where haven't we....Uh.
Know the planes and the, Taylor Gang and the...haha. Uh.

Fast cars with bad broads in 'em, I proceed to smoke these trees
And stuff piles of cheese in my 501 denim, where they bullshit begins I end them
And nope, I don't hear these niggas trippin'
Closing the cabin door and reving up all my engines
The weed is rolled, the drink is cold
It's new to you, to me it's old
C-E-O, these off brand niggas aint really the future, Ms. Cleo
High when I approach, been known, to leave weed crumbs and trails of Sour D smoke
The irony, of suckas who predicted the planes land and know they wanna fly with me
I just let it boost my confidence, 
roll another joint, drop pilot shit. O-K.
...

", u"10 steps ahead of these niggas, fool
Thats why they fuck wit me instead of these niggas YEA!
Hahaha, yea, this beat go perfect with my belt
Haha It match my Damiere luggage too
Joints rolled up, ask Louis Vuitton
Uh, bad bitches and cold drinks
You know what it is man, Taylor Gang

No joint roaches in my car
Play the game smart
We gone get this cheese
Don't give police a reason to fuck us off
I done seen the ups
Not a stranger to the downs
But for now we're smoke devers in my loft
Champagne with bitches with foreign names
My homie hit me on the text
He want nothin just to tell me that i got next
And keep it G
I'm in your town frequently
Got the bottle, bring the trees
Watch some movies hit this weed
Yea a nigga livin care free
Please Don't blow my fly pardon the high nigga tendencies
And duplicate us but the planes but they pretend to be
Through all the bullshit overcame and still remained a G
clicquot (CLEE-CO) slow and sour D's smoke
She leave the room, you smell it on her fingers bro
Askin silly questions, bout where you been
Saying you look different
Had the time of her life not to mention
...

", u"Yeaaheaa, It's ya boy Mr.Easy Rider
Right here on the easy hour
With a lil Kush and Orange Juice
For you to wake and bake to
You know how we do yall
And we rocking with nothing but the best
No Stress
It's my nigga Young Wiz Khalifa yall
Now we been doing our thing for years now, you know how we get down
I need yall to call up
Roll up
Get high to the sky
Lets hear from one of our callers, caller whats ya name and where ya from?

--Caller 1--
...

", u"Yeah, Kid Frankie

I live life sucka free
That's why them niggas you be with
Talk down like they don't fuck with me
I get money realistically
And the homies show me love

Groupies wanna leave tha club with me
Ain't nothin' to a G
Let your hair blow in the breeze
Roll some bomb ass weed
Get high, cruise at a jet speed

Do it like I do it for TV
675 damier LV's, 7 something with tax
And when I'm on the plane
Got the carry on to match, nigga that's fly shit
Tryin' to peep game lil' homie just watch this

Champagne in my cockpit
Talkin' 'bout you got a man, mommy just stop it
Please, as we proceed to give you watchu need
To roll up our weed

You out here talking it, I'm out here livin' it
(Out here livin' it)
Niggas know we doin' our thing
...

", u'I roll up
I roll up
I roll up
Shawty I roll up
I roll up
I roll up
I roll up

[Wiz Khalifa - Verse 1]
Its your anniversy is\u2019nt it
And your man aint acting right
So you packin\u2019 your Domiar luggage up callin\u2019 my cell phone, try and catch a flight
You know one thing straight, I\u2019ll be there girl whenever you call me
When you at home thats your man, soon as you land you say thats all me
But shit aint all g with him no more, you aint entertained
Since I meet you a couple months ago you aint been the same
Not sayin I\u2019m the richest man alive but I\u2019m in the game
As long as you keep it 100 Imma spend this change,

[Chorus]
Whenever you need me
Whenever want me,
You know you can call me, I\u2019ll be there shortly
Don\u2019t care what your friends say, cause they dont know me
I can be your best friend, and you be my homie
I aint gonna flex, I\u2019m not gonna front
You know if I ball, then we all gonna stunt
...

', u'Yeah buddy
"Empty bottles of Clicquot (CLEE-Co) and ashes on the flo\'.
Towel under the do\', we wasn\'t supposed to even smoke.
I ain\'t trippin, never slip or slackin on my pimpin.
Drop the nerds you with, come smoke a joint with he who\'s winnin\'.
Ain\'t like them guys who wine and dine to keep they women.
My bitches only want two things, that\'s to get high and kick it.
Try my pot prescription, take a couple shots with lemon.
Usually have to watch a movie to see how I\'m livin.
(Yea) So what\'s the hold up, waiter bring the bottle get them EZ- Widers rolled up.
Self made G\', did everything on my own bra\'.
In my early twenties with money as wide as Oprah.

(Chorus)
Crack another bottle get the weed rolled up (weed rolled up),
and girl you know I got it everythings on us (everything\'s on us).
I\'m talkin\' alot cause I\'m getting bankroll (bank roll),
and they follow me anywhere that my plane go (Ohh ohh uh-ohhhh).
...

', u"With the hunger of a Chris Wallace back in '94
I like to welcome y'all to rock with PG's young ball
From the bottom of the pot, yea i'm the Pitts of the Burgh
With the kids on the curb, and small time, is pitching the herb
I'm back, and those who didn't previously know what i'm crack
To the people, i'm legalized the lethal
...

", u"They call me young boy, young crack
Brought up where them slums at
Hustle, I done done that
Customers I brung back
Just cause how I sung raps
Some of them are? crack
? only some will let their gun clap
Me, I'm on a cash chase, I'm running where them funds at
Rolling up the L and put something where my lungs at
Money come in dumb stacks, niggas lookin hungry and they wonder where they lunch at
I already come for that
I ain't find comfort at, any spot less than the top
You niggas had it but ya records done flop
So I picked it up and ran with the rock
And I ain't gotta sing it on the cards for you to understand that I'm hot
I just face one, stand up and rock, I give my hat a good cock
To the side and do my damngity-bop
...

", u"I got the city on lock man, (uh-huh)
I don't think I'm this crazy
(It's Mr. 412)
It's how the people treat me you know, (I feel good)
It's about that urge, so, (I feel great)
That's why I call myself the Prince of the City
And that's why we back, the second time man, (Yeeeaah)
There's two of them, so, you already know
Everything movin' (Haha)
bidd-ack
, your favorite young
kidd-ack
Niggas gon' hate but still the paper gon' stidd-ack
I live that, the live you little pricks wish to get at
Trynna get a name not the one to come spit at
They say I'm doin' my thing like no one ever did it
Actually made a name in this hatin' ass city
That's why at every show you see me Pittsburgh Diddy
Hoppin' on the road I bring Pittsburgh with me
...

", u"
Be easy 
Be easy 
Or it'll be a long day
Be easy 
Be easy 
Or it'll be a long day
Be easy 
Be easy 
Or it'll be a long day
Be easy 
Be easy 
Or it'll be a long day

Hold on, let me light my blunt, man
This shit too easy
I'll do it in my sleep

Yeah! 
It's a new game
Lame nigga forefit
I'm well ahead, throwin' bread
You just horse shit
Flow out of this world
I'm in orbit
More chips
So them hoes chase me like Norbit
I'm more sick
No anidon'te
High like mandigo
Flow crack & it's dope
Only talk money, homey
I don't understand the broke
Take something from me
Niggas come & bust yo canalope
I'm out here grindin'
Like a pair of old brakes
Hoe, ain't nothing changed
Na, I rep tha Burg all day
Walk it how I talk it so I talk it how I live it
And if you hear me flowin'
You should know it's not a gimick
If the topic real shit
You should know they count me in it
Your girlfriend want me in her mouth
Like I'm her dentist
The icing on the cake
I'm like the glaze, all finished
Majianna scented
Windows up, truck tinted
You better
...

", u"Be\xa0easy
Be\xa0easy
Or\xa0it'll\xa0be\xa0a\xa0long\xa0day
\xa0
Hold\xa0on,\xa0let\xa0me\xa0light\xa0my\xa0blunt,\xa0man
This\xa0shit\xa0too\xa0easy
I'll\xa0do\xa0it\xa0in\xa0my\xa0sleep
\xa0
Yeah!
It's\xa0a\xa0new\xa0game
Lame\xa0nigga\xa0forfeit
I'm\xa0well\xa0ahead,\xa0throwin'\xa0bread
You\xa0just\xa0horse\xa0shit
Flow\xa0out\xa0of\xa0this\xa0world
I'm\xa0in\xa0orbit
More\xa0chips
So\xa0them\xa0hoes\xa0chase\xa0me\xa0like\xa0Norbit
I'm\xa0more\xa0sick
No\xa0anidonte
High\xa0like\xa0mandigo
Flow\xa0crack\xa0and\xa0it's\xa0dope
Only\xa0talk\xa0money,\xa0homey
I\xa0don't\xa0understand\xa0the\xa0broke
Take\xa0something\xa0from\xa0me
Niggas\xa0come\xa0and\xa0bust\xa0yo\xa0canalope
I'm\xa0out\xa0here\xa0grindin'
Like\xa0a\xa0pair\xa0of\xa0old\xa0brakes
Hoe,\xa0ain't\xa0nothing\xa0changed
Na,\xa0I\xa0rep\xa0the\xa0Burg\xa0all\xa0day
Walk\xa0it\xa0how\xa0I\xa0talk\xa0it\xa0so\xa0I\xa0talk\xa0it\xa0how\xa0I\xa0live\xa0it
And\xa0if\xa0you\xa0hear\xa0me\xa0flowin'
You\xa0should\xa0know\xa0it's\xa0not\xa0a\xa0gimmick
If\xa0the\xa0topic\xa0real\xa0shit
You\xa0should\xa0know\xa0they\xa0count\xa0me\xa0in\xa0it
Your\xa0girlfriend\xa0want\xa0me\xa0in\xa0her\xa0mouth
...

", u"With the hunger of a Chris Wallace back in '94
I like to welcome y'all to rock with PG's young ball
From the bottom of the pot, yea i'm the Pitts of the Burgh
With the kids on the curb, and small time, is pitching the herb
I'm back, and those who didn't previously know what i'm crack
To the people, i'm legalized the lethal
...

", u"You see I run with them dudes, get loose with them pipes out
You sweet as ice cream, two scoops what your life bout
I'm heavy on the scene, bad news when the mic's out
And heavy on the lean, Timb boots or the whites out
It's Pittsburgh's kick flipper, spit words great nigga
Disturbed? You could get your shit curbed way quicker
Mad cus I spit that hard
And I'm with that broad
Fast lane how I rip that car
Fast change, how'd I get that large?
Yours, yea you know's a joke
Sure, here you hope to blow
I'm out to move the units from the set to Kosovo
Flow like the Rope-a-Dope
Crack, call me coke to smoke
You niggas washed up and they ain't even started yet
A lot of new niggas coming out but I'm the hardest yet (Yes)
One I can fear, I ain't met an artist yet
Throw the lead, that'll roll his head right up off his neck
[Hook: Jay-Z sample] (Repeat 2x)
I'm the realest to run it, I just happen to rap
...

", u"[x2:]
Come and walk with me I've seen a lot in my life so come and talk with me through the streets of the city back and forth with me to the slums of my home this that shit that only come from my home
Pittsburgh

Welcome to pistolvania an hour ride from {Pittsburgh} where kids earn stripes get rip and flip birds
A loss on da strip neva
Hussle dope crack coke to dat fifth letta all ova that big chedda
And you can front here fuck around and get slumped here big enough a body in a trunk here
Where white tees and fitted caps match the night game we drop bets on fast cars and dice games
Shorty smile pretty face and a nice frame
I'm a mac got her in da back gettin pipe game
But that's a day in da life some may say that we trif but keep gettin money cakin up nice
This were da crime rate is sky high what can I say man crime pays and some body gotta die
Only one good thing could make a man put da pump to you and that's to see his fam live comfortable
Walk with me

...

", u"Chorus
Thown rouuouond by the wind (3x)
Thown Dowowown in a spin

Verse 1
These niggaz hate me cause the streets aint make me crazy
They raised me showed me how to win follwed in them shadows
Then i jumped up on my own 2 feet and made it happen
Figured out I'm makin rap and if not I'll take you clappin
See I'm on top of this art and on the blocks that i trout its hotter than hot liver than rock
Fiends jerkin they got product to cop the cops searchin for the product the rock
D in the coke purple weed in my smoke
The parks where they pump out boy
...

", u"Chorus - (Wiz Khalifa)
If it's on and poppin', go ahead and move somethin'
And if a hater trip, go ahead and do somethin'
If it's on your chest, go ahead and prove somethin'
If not, stop frontin', you niggas ain't hurtin' nothin', no (X2)
Verse 1 - (Wiz Khalifa)
You niggas ain't hurtin' nothin', all your talkin' is cheap
And my veins is concrete, I'm the heart of this street
Your squadron is weak, I creep with a five-star class
We beef, your block will look like a five-car-crash
Ya know, that you can tell it great, Wiz gettin' hella cake
Keep a chick to freak it with, I'll let you niggas LTH
That's lovin' these hoes, I'm pumpin' these flows
Cuz' I hate these rap niggas, but I'm lovin' the dough
Got a problem, we can solve it, man it's nothin' to show
If I ain't rappin', I'm relaxin' somewhere puffin' an O
...

"]